"\n\n\nDecember 4th, 2021,\n\nTucson, Arizona\n\nDear Diary, \n\nIt's been nine months since I last wrote in you, and I can tell you a lot has changed. I'm now living in the southwestern United States and am seeing the world through a different set of eyes. There is something about being in the West that has stirred my soul and left me with many questions. \n\nLife in the West is all about taking risks. It's not about how you look or how much money you make- it's about the passion and courage you show each day. I am inspired daily by the way people embrace their individualism and authentically express themselves in the face of adversity.\n\nThe same goes for the different cultures I have had the pleasure of learning. From the Mojave, Pima, and Hopi, to the Navajo and Apache, it is clear there is an ever-lasting presence of the western spirit that can never be taken away.\n\nIt is this spirit that has been the driving force behind my current job. I'm working as a freelance writer, helping people bring to life the incredible histories and stories of the people who have been and remain in the West. Often, they are underrepresented and misunderstood, but I am committed to changing that. \n\nAs I write this, I am on the edge of this landscape, surrounded by the beauty and calming sounds of the desert night. The stars glint brightly in the sky and the stars are forever reminding me of this powerful geographical region and its ability to constantly surprise and captivate me. In this moment, everything seems to be illuminated with a renewed sense of hope, and I find this to be one of the greatest gifts the West has bestowed upon me.\n\nI guess this is why I am so fascinated with the West and why I'm staying. I can feel its wildness and courage coursing through my veins, and it is something I never knew I'd find myself looking for. Every day feels like a new adventure, and I can only hope that this continues. \n\nYours truly, \n\nRobyn Diaz"